Just watch
It's not time yet.
Boss Chen, where did you get your confidence?
President Shangguan
How about we make a small bet?
What!
If I win
Until you treat me to dinner
If I lose, ask for whatever you want
There's still time for jokes
Let's talk about it after you win
Kid, half an hour?
I despise your stock.
It's Da Luo Jinxian who's here
Can't save you
It's almost time.
What!
The president has just received the latest news
New real estate policy announced
Well, it directly affects house price growth and demand
The international coal market is in short supply
Our country's coal export orders continue to grow
In addition, the conductor aspect
Just announced a number of major research breakthroughs
See how this is possible